rosbag2 service record/play support for Jazzy release note. (#4305)
ros2/ros2_documentation: source/Releases/Release-Jazzy-Jalisco.rst

See https://github.com/ros2/ros2cli/pull/894 for more information.

``rosbag2``
^^^^^^^^^^^

Service recording and playback
""""""""""""""""""""""""""""""

> It is now possible to record and play service data with ``ros2bag`` command line interface.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is now possible to record and play service data with the ``ros2bag`` command line interface.
```

> In addition to `Service Introspection <https://github.com/ros2/ros2/issues/1285>`__, several pull requests have been added to develop this feature.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This features builds on `Service Introspection <https://github.com/ros2/ros2/issues/1285>`__, which has been available since Iron.
```

> `Service recording and display <https://github.com/ros2/rosbag2/pull/1480>`__ adds the ability to record service data into bag file and display.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`Service recording and display <https://github.com/ros2/rosbag2/pull/1480>`__ adds the ability to record service data into a bag file.
```

> And `Service playback <https://github.com/ros2/rosbag2/pull/1481>`__ allows to play service data from the bag file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
And `Service playback <https://github.com/ros2/rosbag2/pull/1481>`__ can play that service data from the bag file.
```

Record all services data:

.. code-block:: bash

   ros2 bag record --all-services

Record all services data with all topic data:

.. code-block:: bash

   ros2 bag record --all

Play service data from bag file:

.. code-block:: bash

   ros2 bag play --publish-service-requests bag_path

> See `design document <https://github.com/ros2/rosbag2/blob/rolling/docs/design/rosbag2_record_replay_service.md>`__ for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See the `design document <https://github.com/ros2/rosbag2/blob/rolling/docs/design/rosbag2_record_replay_service.md>`__ for more information.
```
